[feat] Introduce new syntax for allowing the creation of extensible parametrised tests (#1614)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/regression_test_api.rst

            else:
                do_other()

One of the most powerful features about using directives is that they store their input information at the class level. 
This means if one were to extend or specialize an existing regression test, the test attribute additions and modifications made throught directives in the parent class will be automatically inherited by the child test. 
For instance, continuing with the example above, one could override the ``__init__`` method in the ``MyTest`` regression test as follows:

.. code:: python

    class MyModifiedTest(MyTest):

        def __init__(self):
            if self.variant == 'A':
                override_this()
            else:
                override_other()

.. py:function:: reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.parameter(name, *values, inherit_params=False, filter_params=None)

   Inserts or modifies a regression test parameter.
   If a parameter with a matching name is already present in the parameter space of a parent class, the existing parameter values will be combined with those provided by this method following the inheritance behaviour set by the arguments ``inherit_params`` and ``filt_params``.

>    Instead, if no parameter with a matching name exist in any of the parent parameter spaces, a new regression test parameter is created.

Author: I've lost hope in ever being able to spot these kinds of typos 😭😅

   :param name: parameter name.
   :param values: parameter values.
       If no values are passed when creating a new parameter, the parameter is considered as declared but not defined (i.e. an abstract parameter).
       Instead, for an existing parameter, this depends on the parameter's inheritance behaviour and on whether any values where provided in any of the parent parameter spaces.
   :param inherit_params: If false, no parameter values that may have been defined in any of the parent parameter spaces will be inherited.
   :param filter_params: Function to filter/modify the inherited parameter values that may have been provided in any of the parent parameter spaces.

>        This function must only expect a tuple containing the inherited parameter values as its only argument.

Reviewer: Something like this perhaps?

```suggestion
       This function must accept a single argument, which will be passed an iterable containing the inherited parameter values.
```

Author: I think there is an `as` missing after `passed`: `This function must accept a single argument, which will be passed as an iterable containing the inherited parameter values.` Does this read better?
